Added warning for WSL use (#28555)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/batch_changes/references/troubleshooting.md

### Can you download a repository archive?

> > NOTE: Using Batch Changes with Windows Subsytem For Linux (WSL) will add [network latency](https://github.com/microsoft/WSL/issues/4901) that causes timeouts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: Using Batch Changes with Windows Subsytem For Linux (WSL) will add [network latency](https://github.com/microsoft/WSL/issues/4901) that can cause timeouts.
```
